# Project Euler Solutions written in Scala

## Description
Below is a collection of Project Euler problems I've solved using Scala

## Problem 1 - Solved 4/19/2022
> If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23.
> Find the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1000.
> https://projecteuler.net/problem=1

1. Generate List from 1 to 999
2. Filter all values which are not multiples of 3 or 5
3. Sum using foldLeft

## Problem 2 - Solved 4/19/2022
> Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be:
> 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, ...
> By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed four million, find the sum of the even-valued terms.
> https://projecteuler.net/problem=2

1. Generate fibonacci as stream
2. TakeWhile value is less than 4,000,000
3. Filter on even numbers
4. Sum using foldLeft

## Problem 4 - Solved 4/20/2022
> A palindromic number reads the same both ways. The largest palindrome made from the product of two 2-digit numbers is 9009 = 91 × 99.
> Find the largest palindrome made from the product of two 3-digit numbers.
> https://projecteuler.net/problem=4

1. Generate x and y ranges between 100 and 999
2. find the cartesian product between the two ranges
3. Cross multiply the x and y positions in the tuples
4. Filter on palindromes
5. Reduce the list by the max function

## Problem 6 - Solved 4/21/2022
> Find the difference between the sum of the squares of the first one hundred natural numbers and the square of the sum.
> https://projecteuler.net/problem=6

1. Create stream to generate sequence of natural numbers
2. Find sum of squares of first 100 natural numbers and the square of sums
3. Net the sqare of sums and the sum of squares

